Written Report

The District Analysis
What I found from this first analysis was that overall, the students were better at passing Reading than they were with their Math scores. This was 
evident from the 85.8% that passed Reading, as opposed to 79% that passed Math. Overall, over 65% of the students passed both Reading and Math. 

The School Analysis
The conclusions I was able to draw from this data was that the schools that had larger amounts of students (2,300+) were significantly worse
with their overall passing score. Those schools that had between 400-2300 students, regardless of school budget, had higher overall passing scores. 
This could indicate that the smaller class size meant students had mroe assistance with their work and thus performed better overall. 

Top & Bottom Performing schools
All schools in the top performing schools analysis had between 950-2300 students. Conversely, the bottom performing schools had between 
2900-4800 students. This indicates that the above hypothesis is correct - the larger the class size, the worse overall passing rate the school has. 

Math and Reading Scores by Grade
These analyses showed that, generally speaking, progression throughout the grades did not affect the overall passing rate of each student. 

Scores by Spending
This analysis proved the aforementioned hypothesis that higher spending does not necessarily correlate to better overall passing grades. 

Scores by School size
This analysis reinforced what we mentioned earlier - the smaller the school size, the better the overall passing grades were. 

Scores by School Type
This analysis showed that those students that went to Charter schools performed better overall in terms of their passing grades than the students 
at district schools. 

2 conclusions
The first conclusion is that if a school has a smaller class size, then the students generally have higher overall passing grades
The second conclusion is that if the student went to a Charter school, they have a higher chance of a better passing grade than a student who 
went to a District school. 